# Meeting Notes May 15, 2019

Secretary: Greg Denton

Attended: Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Benjamin Dines, Larry Gritz, John Mertic, Erik Strauss, Matt Chambers

- Introductions
- Motion to add Erik and Matt to the TSC
  - Pass unanimously.
- Followup on AIs from last week
  - Code transfer
    - Need to confirm final CLA process. Brian CLA manager at Google, Larry will figure out on Sony side.
    - Need to update footer in opencue.io pages
    - Opencue.io code scan, Steve going to take a pass through it
  - Other items completed.
- Brian has shared the roadmap
  - Group should familiarize themselves with the roadmap and we can discuss in a few weeks.
- Opencue.io transition to website from github wiki.
  - Should be ready to go
  - Please send any feedback on the docs website
- Migrating google groups to ASWF groups system
  - Migrating archives is possible
  - Users will need to re-subscribe. We'll announce to existing lists when we're ready
  - Agreement on moving to ASWF email list from google group for consistency with other projects
  - Agreement on keeping user and dev list as separate groups. They serve different needs.
  - Can we use group like we use google group? E.g. for cal invites, sharing docs
    - Cal invites we can use ASWF cal system
    - Ran out of time, need to discuss doc sharing via email
