# Meeting Notes July 17, 2019

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Attended: Matt Chambers, Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Benjamin Dines, John Mertic, Alex Schworer

- New TSC members
  - Alex approved, no objections
  - Alan couldn't make it this week
- ASWF transfer update
  - Repos fully transferred, CLA system up and functioning
  - Added a PR template to walk contributors through the few steps
  - Need to update CONTRIBUTING file next
  - CI system set up on Azure Pipelines
    - Slow (25min) due to lack of Docker cache. Still an improvement over the current flaky
      Jenkins setup. More work to be done over next few days to speed this up.
    - Public project owned by Brian, to be transferred to the ASWF at some point in the future
      once shared infrastructure is established.
    - For now if you want access, create a Microsoft account if you don't have one then send
      Brian the email associated with that account.
  - Copyrights still need to be updated, waiting on that.
- Current work:
  - Brian:
    - CI migration as described above, most done but hopefully some improvements to be made
      to build time.
    - CII badge up next
  - Greg: 
    - Limits, for licensing etc. PRs out now.
    - Plugins, similar to department tasks but not tied to Track It. Way to add in hooks to scheduler events. Python execution. Might be good to circulate a simple design doc first.
  - Matt:
    - 4 PRs out, combination of code cleanups.
    - Can we remove Oracle and switch to Postgres-only?
      - Let's keep Oracle code for now and unblock Matt's other work
      - We might be able to run some embedded Oracle db for tests if it's going to stay around for a while
    - Scheduler rewrite proposal in progress. Brian to reshare deck
- Siggraph events
  - Birds of a Feather (Tues)
    - Reviewed draft agenda
    - Any past experience? Things that worked well / not so well?
    - OpenTimelineIO had a good presentation last year
    - Existing draft sounds good — present project history first then open the floor
  - TSC meeting (Wed)
    - Roadmap discussions
