# Meeting Notes May 8, 2019

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Attended: Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Benjamin Dines, Larry Gritz, John Mertic

- Selection of TSC chairperson.
  - Brian volunteered.
  - Discussion of single person holding TAC and chairperson. Max. one vote per person despite
    holding both roles. No objections, this is fine for now, can always change chairperson in the
    future. 
  - No further objections; Brian accepted as chairperson.
- Code transfer
  - Should be straightforward Github repo transfer.
  - Will do an initial code scan -- headers/licenses/etc
  - **AI:** Offline discussion about initiating transfer.
- Plan to do CLA only / no DCO
  - People who signed the current CLA will need to resign
  - Discussion how to people choose ICLA vs CCLA?
  - ASWF is working on establishing an official channel for these.
  - **AI:** Offline discussion about onboarding onto the shared system.
- Github issues
  - Let's stick with it for now, Jira an alternative
  - Issues will be transferred along with codebase
- Email lists - transfer to ASWF groups system or not?
  - What are other projects doing? Mostly using ASWF groups system
  - Can migrate message history
  - **AI:** And member list?
  - circle back next meeting
  - will use opencue-admin@ for now as the TSC list
  - **AI:** Add jmertic@linuxfoundation.org and dines@imageworks.com to opencue-admin@
- Testing setup
  - Currently using Docker-based builds in Jenkins Pipeline.
  - Already in discussion to move Jenkins setup to shared ASWF instance.
  - Will monitor other CI working group discussions, evaluate other choices.
  - Integration testing environments probably should be hosted in cloud somewhere. Google ok
    to cover cost.
- any trade marks to transfer?
  - **AI:** Brian to check with google legal
- opencue.io needs transfer
  - Hugo hosted on Netlify
  - Not really fully launched yet, been in progress for a while
  - **AI:** Intro Sharif (Google tech writer) to the group
- Next meetings
  - Weekly for now, let's try 30 min
  - Will try to reduce frequency soon
  - Selected Wednesday noon PT as meeting time.
  - Create a normal cal event, just invite tac@list.io
  - **AI:** Brian to create recurring event.
- Roadmap
  - We should start thinking about project roadmap, what to prioritize for dev work.
  - Initial roadmap was submitted with ASWF proposal that we can use as 
  - **AI:** Brian to share initial roadmap.
