# Meeting Notes 18 Sep 2019

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Attended: Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Benjamin Dines, Dave Fellows,
  Sean Looper, Alex Schworer, Gerald Tiu

- Current work
  - Brian
    - Unit test coverage
      - Cuebot remains at ~50% coverage
      - Python components up to ~40% coverage
      - Started to transition tests to use the VFX reference platform images
  - Greg
    - New sandbox deployment code
      - Docker compose pushed a while ago
      - Working on a kubernetes setup
        - Some problems re: logging
        - Considering supporting a logging service setup
    - Licensing limits
      - Requires full redeploy including database change, needed to write some docs for that
      - Bug fixes in progress
      - Github issue: https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenCue/issues/196
    - Plugins/messaging system
      - Messaging system allows multiple consumers without each having to query Cuebot separately
      - Greg to share design doc for that piece of the system
  - Matt (didn't attend but posted notes in the agenda doc)
    - I’ll be more of an active developer by end of this week
    - Scheduler simplification.
      - I’ve been refreshing my memory of Cue3 code (and Java) and I think it’s best to
        leave old scheduler as is, then make new POJOs, DAOs, service classes, etc for
        the new one.  Any thoughts?
          - I can reuse a bunch of stuff but not everything.
          - All the DB triggers will still be in place but they are mostly there for updating
            counters and not scheduling.
          - We could remove old code when it’s ready.
          - It could be switched on/off with a config option.
          - Some API calls (like redirects) may not work with new scheduler at first
          - Cue3 was my first Java program ever, I do things a lot differently now and don’t
            want to clutter up pulls with crazy refactors.
  - Ben
    - SPI OpenCue rollout
      - SPI ready to move to Postgres
    - LA Pipeline Meetup Presentation
      - Asked to present OpenCue to this group
      - Might be good to talk to ASWF outreach group (Emily good point of contact)
  - Alex
    - Would be helpful to build out more docs / user guides
    - Getting started in different types of environments — on prem / hybrid / cloud
    - Let's let CSPs host vendor-specific docs on their own and link out to them from opencue.io
    - [alex] todo: open github issue in the main opencue repo to discuss/track this effort
  - Christian
    - Playing around with it
    - Logging to a service is interesting
    - Will take some discussion to design a solution that works for all cloud vendors, other
      environments
    - Brian to send existing github issue and we can start discussing
    - Greg: user auth another example of this
- Proposal for ASWF Cloud Working Group
  - Start by collecting user feedback? Current cloud usage / pain points.
  - Startup times: logging, security, user auth, etc.
  - Agreement that this would be good, need to start a proposal for the TAC
  - OpenCue serves as a good example of cloud problems, should include in proposal
  - Sean to start a doc, we can collaborate on a proposal
