# TSC Meeting Notes 19 Feb 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [x] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [x] Dave Fellows
* [ ] Sean Looper
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [x] Christian Smith
* [x] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* Siggraph plans
   * Not sure yet exactly what overall Google presence looks like.
   * ASWF will have events, not sure if doing an "open source day" like last year.
   * Pre-Siggraph Roadmap
      * Windows
      * Focus on user experience i.e. wrangling tools
         * filters, groups, actions
         * variable proc numbers, job min/max cores for binpacking
   * Events with customers
      * A few potential customers, SPI, Lars.
      * Would be good to have them present current architecture / deployment.
      * Could also focus on transition from existing scheduler to OpenCue.
* Current work updates
   * Brian
      * PR out with fixes for filters/matchers/actions.
      * CueGUI unit tests.
      * Created backlog task board, did issue triage.
   * George
      * Open PRs with windows fixes.
      * Integration tests up next
   * Greg
      * Getting set up to take next issue.
