# TSC Meeting Notes 05 Feb 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [x] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [x] Sean Looper
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [x] Christian Smith
* [x] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* Current work updates
   * Brian
      * Lots of code review of others' PRs.
      * Working on fixing filters/matchers/actions.
   * Christian
      * Minor progress.
      * Working on packaging.
      * pyinstaller problems with uid/gid.
      * Waiting on Windows testing, expecting bug fixes will be needed.
   * Greg
      * Ramping back up now, to reach out to Brian to coordinate next steps.
   * Lars
      * Also has some fixes for filters/actions, will work with Brian to merge each other's work.
      * Some PRs need 2nd reviewer, Brian to ping all waiting PRs in the next day or so.
   * George
      * Fixing Windows problems, a few PRs pending.
      * Next would like to work on testing, esp. e2e testing.
         * Need to test database schema / migrations especially.
         * Will start running local tests with the sandbox.
         * We'll need to discuss later how to run automated tests on Azure DevOps, hopefully can
           use the same / similar sandbox setup as the local tests.
* Summer of code
   * https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/tac/tree/master/gsoc#opencue
   * Existing ideas approved.
   * Scheduler rewrite / improvements an additional idea.
      * Would require a fairly specialized candidate and will take some work from others to
        ensure new scheduler is isolated from the rest of the system.
* Integration testing
   * Brian to open ticket with ASWF about transferring devops ownership.
* SPI Oracle -> Postgres cutover
   * Minor progress, no exact timeline yet. Working on cutover to public repo first.
   * We're hoping to avoid deleting Oracle code before SPI is fully cutover to ease merge-conflict
     problems, but it's an option if it starts to block other work.
