# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 11 Nov 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:

* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [ ] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [ ] Daniel Neilson
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:

* [ ] Christian Smith
* [ ] Diego Tavares
* [x] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:

* Idris: node graph PR requires a new dependency which isn't published to pip.
   * Should we vendorize this other python project?
   * Git submodules a potential option.
   * We needed to make changes to the upstream project to make it work for us. Not sure if these
     changes are broadly applicable enough to contribute back to that project. They might be though
     â€” worth looking into.
   * Project setup.py is locked to Python 3 but code is Python 2 compatible.
   * Brian: look into git submodules
* User survey.
   * No major updates. Daniel is working on ASWF-wide survey. Knows we're anxious to get started.
     Update later today or tomorrow he thinks.
* CII badge updates.
   * Brian: working on Python linting.
   * Cuebot PRs still need review. Lars offered to review.
* Python packaging.
   * Not much overlap with OTIO, they are focused on developers setting up dev environment. Not
     planning to package dependencies, mainly distributing via pip.
   * Probably need to resolve legal issues on our own.
   * We can move forward with publishing pyinstaller scripts in the meantime for folks to do local
     packaging.
* New sizzle reel.
   * Looking for screen cap footage from SPI.
   * Ben found some older footage, will work with Emily to see if it's suitable.
