# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 29 Apr 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [x] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [ ] Sean Looper
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [ ] Christian Smith
* [ ] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* Copyright cleanup
   * Need to standardize between old SPI format and the two newer ASWF formats.
   * Waiting for further progress from SPI before moving forward.
* Github Actions
   * Draft PR: https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenCue/pull/684/files 
   * ASWF is attempting to migrate from DevOps to Github Actions for testing.
   * Brian is doing some initial tests, all good so far (see draft PR).
   * Will get a few tests running initially to see how it works.
   * Next step is to explore how the release pipeline will be migrated and triggered.
* Review 2-approver rule
   * PRs are often getting hung up in review.
   * 3 sets of eyes (including the author) for every PR is fairly cumbersome and probably not
     necessary given the small number of project committers.
   * Proposal: relax rule to 1 approver, update contributor docs to specify when reviewers
     should seek out a second reviewer for large changes.
   * No objections; approved.
* Current work updates
   * Greg
      * ASWF blog post, draft is out.
         * Brian to review then circulate with rest of TSC.
   * Brian
      * Github actions testing.
      * Summer of code, 1 slot approved. More news soon hopefully.
      * Unit testing, expanding test coverage.
