# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 27 May 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [x] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [ ] Sean Looper
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [ ] Christian Smith
* [x] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* Current work updates
   * Shiva / Summer of Code
      * High-level summary
        https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AyD_6RxHUxopFyCKCjC0GkoJpFxio9rjOKJbFgpjz80/ 
      * Designing API details over next week
      * Discussion of basic GUI flow
         * Sounds good but let's avoid too much GCP-specific terminology/functionality.
         * Let's do mockups soon
      * Can create Github Project board for this work
* ASWF incubation vs adoption (John)
   * Been in incubation ~1 year, time to review this status with ASWF
   * Progress on committer diversity, CII badge
   * Warnings/lint of codebase
   * Static analysis â€” does it fail in CI pipeline when quality gate doesn't pass?
   * Brian to dig into sonar results before next meeting
* REST API proposal
   * https://lists.aswf.io/g/opencue-dev/topic/project_design_and/74055707 
   * Greg to review
* JT update on slimmed down docs, Blender plugin first draft getting close
* Events system is on pause, but we're looking to revive it
   * Could be useful for later iterations of cloud functionality as well
