# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 13 May 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [ ] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [ ] Sean Looper
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [ ] Christian Smith
* [ ] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* Summer of Code update
   * Shiva gave an intro and brief overview of the GSoC project.
   * Creating a cloud management plugin, will initially target GCP but designing it in a way to
     support all clouds.
   * More soon now that Shiva is wrapper up school commitments.
* REST proposal
   * Received via the dev list.
   * Greg has done some initial research, let's table until he's here or discuss via email.
* SPI updates
   * CLA signed, Github traffic incoming.
   * Postgres migration done, single show on it now.
   * Potential Windows show coming up, OpenCue ready for use? Maybe, but due to alpha state
     needs more testing.
* Current work updates
   * Brian
      * Expanding unit test coverage.
      * GSoC admin stuff.
   * JT
      * Progress on Blender plugin/addon, sending a branch/PR soon.
