# TSC Meeting Notes 4 Mar 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [x] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [ ] Sean Looper
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [x] Christian Smith
* [ ] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* Current work updates
   * Brian
      * Unit tests
      * Summer of Code
   * Greg
      * Starting to look at REST API potentially
         * Discussion on generating API from proto files. Agreed this would be preferable to
           reduce code repetition and 
* Summer of Code â€” Brian has been tagging "Good first issues", if anyone has any minor bugs or
  improvements please submit those as Github issues and tag.
* Simple web view for viewing systemwide status
   * Would be a read-only system level view
   * Good for non-technical users who don't run a full local opencue environment, don't have
     Python/PySide installed
   * Separate project from the planned Web GUI but would provide some needed foundational work
     there, something we can build on when building the Web GUI.
   * react/redux is a preferred stack. Also Material-UI? Not much experience using it in the TSC
     but we're open to it.
