# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 24 June 2020

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

TSC Attendees:
* [ ] Matt Chambers
* [x] Brian Cipriano
* [x] Greg Denton
* [x] Ben Dines
* [ ] Dave Fellows
* [x] Daniel Neilson
* [ ] Alex Schworer
* [ ] Erik Strauss

Committer Attendees:
* [ ] Christian Smith
* [x] Lars van der Bijl

Agenda/Notes:
* ASWF re-incubation
   * Brian: Plan is to give a presentation on OpenCue to the TAC and re-authorize it for incubation.
     Then work over the next few months to get ready for graduation.
   * What should we cover in the presentation?
      * History since first incubation
      * New features
         * Windows support
         * Python 3
         * CI / Github Actions
         * Testing / stability. Fixed lots of smaller bugs in aftermath of grpc switchover
      * Github stats
      * Graduation progress, CII badge / static analysis still needs work
* Siggraph/Open Source Day update
   * Siggraph dates are finalized. ASWF is attempting to finalize dates for Open Source Day, likely
     will be the week before Siggraph as there's no reason to overlap anymore.
   * Expected to have 30 min slots for each project — not a lot of time.
   * What should we cover? Ideas:
      * State of the project w/ demo
      * List achievements
      * Blender support
      * GSOC / Shiva's work
* Current work updates
   * Brian: Github actions. Stuck on sharing artifacts between different pipelines. Looking into
     using S3 instead of Github artifacts system. Other than that we're close to full migration.
   * Shiva: WIP PR next week. Plugin exists and populates existing cloud groups, with dialog to
     add new groups. Getting flow working end to end first then flesh things out more fully later —
     tests, more API functionality, etc.
   * Greg: events system. Embedded events system wasn't feasible, need to use an external service.
     Lars: we are using an external events system, working good so far. Using hasura graphql. Greg:
     could we use this as a reference implementation?
      * Greg: Relying too much on everything being in the database might not be good long term as
        we shift more stuff into Cuebot.
      * Discussion on whether to move to more application logic long term. Matt Chambers sketched
        out a [basic design and plan](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QI5JVklo0WbjPd8KgRZ8rPM0cVfL_hgoJgWSnoiMKuA/edit?usp=sharing).
      * Will drop Oracle code soon, this will unblock more database work.
   * JT: Working on jupyter notebooks. 90% done on blender plugin, another few weeks probably.
* Daniel Neilson intro. Daniel is taking over Sean Looper's spot as AWS's rep on the TSC. Daniel:
  getting introduced to the project, will ramp up over the next few months.
