# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 17 Aug 2022

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Agenda/Notes:

* Siggraph/OSD debrief
    * Event attendance ~20 in room, 50-60 total
    * Q: who is using opencue?
    * Should we change the TSC meeting time? To account for EU participants.
    * OpenCue on GKE
        * Some peculiarities there as both OpenCue and GKE act as schedulers, in different ways but with some
          overlapping features.
        * How can we help decide which pods can be killed?
            * Could maybe use metrics/prometheus data as a source.
        * We should add a helm chart for the repo.
        * Both kubernetes and OpenCue want to do bin packing, maybe we could find a way to help them play better
          together.
    * PyPI packages still a need
        * Look at "poetry"?
    * Protobuf compiling is an obstacle as it breaks modularity.
        * Can we make compiled proto its own package that other components depend on?
    * Not getting consistent responses to issues / threads.
        * Currently this is best effort.
        * TSC should do an issue/PR cleanout.
        * Let's try to make a standard process to keep up with it.
        * Finish setting up stale issue closer to help with cleanout.
        * Bring up with TAC to see if other projects have similar issues or thoughts.
* M1 issues
    * Having some difficulties running OpenCue on a local M1 macbook, which is primary development machine for an
      increasing number of people.
    * Need to upgrade some dependencies like protoc.
    * Docker build issues due to architecture mismatch.
    * PySide2 might not be supported anymore.
        * Has VFX reference platform dealt with this?
* Unit test failures
    * Coming from code that hasn't changed
    * Possibly due to changes in ref platform docker images?
    * More investigation needed.
