# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 17 Jan 2024

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Agenda/Notes:

* Upgrade Cuebot to Java 21
    * Code changes in progress, PR coming. Let's discuss this next meeting once Diego is back,
      interested to get more detail on any non-backwards-compatible changes.
* PR to fix crash in RQD with non-ascii chars
    * Short term, fixing a crash is a priority.
    * Longer term, there's a potential future project to improve non-ascii compatibility through the
      system.
* Refactoring Cuebot host report handler
    * PR coming soon.
* RQD changes for OOM protection
    * PR coming soon.
* CueGUI web UI project launching at SPI
    * Next.js on top of React.
    * REST wrapper for gRPC. Many folks will find this useful outside of the GUI.
    * Prototypes provide readonly functionality, for now.
    * We should discuss the authorization system more, things are currently wide open if you have
      network access.
* Blender plugin update
    * Working on plugin bug fixes.
    * Docs update coming soon. Packaging/distribution/install/upgrade process still a big open
      question, we should look at the updated docs to see what the process currently looks like then
      formulate a plan for this.
    * RQD GPU image needs another look.
* M2/M3 compatibility
    * We have been working on M1 compatibility for OpenCue. Are M2/M3 also supported? We're not
      sure, let's check.
    * Still need to finish the embedded postgres fix to complete M1 compatibility.
* OpenJobDescription
    * https://github.com/OpenJobDescription/openjd-specifications/wiki
    * Effort to standardize job descriptions between work management systems.
    * OpenCue open to this effort? In theory yes, we will need to look into more detail to see what
      would be required. Could add a layer for converting between the new job description and
      OpenCue's internal format.
