# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 24 Apr 2024

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Agenda/Notes:

* TSC chair handoff
    * Diego has volunteered to take over TSC chair position
    * No objections from the TSC, new chair position accepted!
    * Related housekeeping:
        * Meetings
            * Need to migrate to new ASWF scheduling system
            * Also need to move to Zoom, Brian owns current GVC meeting invite
            * Brian to reach out to John Mertic about this
        * Consider starting new agenda / notes doc, whatever works best with the new meeting system
        * Good chance to clear out Github CODEOWNERS / email lists / groups
            * Let's add Ramon to CODEOWNERS
            * Can we identify new reviewers / committers automatically with a report of top
              contributors?
* Web version
    * REST gateway: https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenCue/pull/1355
    * CueWeb: https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenCue/pull/1356
    * Currently going to separate branch.
    * Security issues
        * Currently readonly, but write functionality will be added over time
        * Very dangerous if deployed to the public internet
        * There are no plans to do this currently, but once code is committed someone could do this.
          It's a potential liability issue for OpenCue.
        * Let's add additional warnings and keep all code on the separate branch for now.
    * Web UI uses a separate REST gateway, which is even more useful than the Web UI. Has the same
      security concerns. Perimeter security is not reliable — phishing emails, etc.
    * Let's review the two PRs for initial thoughts, testing continues within SPI.
* Daniel: OpenJobDescription
    * Potential summer project to implement some initial OpenCue integration.
    * Early days, still not decided whether we will get a slot allotted to us.
    * Diego offered to help onboard to the OpenCue codebase if we get to that.
* Nuwan: Blender update
    * Brian to keep working with Nuwan on this, even after TSC chair handoff.
    * Google doc with setup instructions needs another review.
    * PR with some opencue.io changes also needs a review.
    * Looking at Kubernetes integration for a potential next project.
