# OpenCue TSC Meeting Notes 14 Feb 2024

Secretary: Brian Cipriano

Agenda/Notes:

* Cuebot upgrade to Java 21
    * Started to refactor HostReportHandler, realized it would be much improved using newer java
      features such as thread pools.
    * Upgraded java and some dependencies like gradle.
    * SPI has a build that passes all unit tests and are currently testing on a dev environment
      before moving forward. Will do some a/b performance testing as well.
    * We'll need to upgrade java on our CI docker images, this might require a different base image.
    * Can discuss more on github issue/PR.
* OpenJobDescription
    * Review of their project goals as discussed last time. Code published to their github org now.
    * Reviewed the different github repos and their purpose.
    * SPI to review further.
    * OpenJD appears to be a superset of opencue's job schema, so opencue should fit into this
      system fine.
    * Could do implementation in different stages, start with a simple openjd -> opencue converter,
      later add other components such as the CLI into cuebot/RQD.
    * Diego to start a thread on their discussion forum.
    * Others to look into new github repos and understand how opencue would implement support.
    * Longer term project.
* Web UI update
    * Continued progress on prototyping.
    * Will this be a full replacement, or desktop GUI app kept for power users? This is an open
      question, starting with basic functionality and will see how it goes.
* RQD OOM issue
    * Still testing, PR coming soon.
* Blender plugin
    * Almost ready to merge PR with cuesubmit frame range adjustments, then will incorporate that
      into the plugin.
    * Draft of user guide google doc is ready, linked in the PR. Brian to review.
* opencue.io appears dead to casual users
    * Not much new on there, new activity mostly limited to the github, no new releases recently.
    * We should do regular website updates, monthly? Publish an activity report?
    * We should publish a new release soon as well, been a while.
