# Summer of Code Check-in Meeting August 25 2020

Attendees: Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Shiva Kannan

* Work update
   * Responded to PR comments, updated docstrings. Ready for a last look.
   * YAML config file in that PR. All gets passed as dict in the provider constructor.
   * Added menu actions tests, context menu and dialog. Added some more tests at the API layer, for
     GCP connector.
   * Azure: resizing and deletion are working. Creating VMs with public IPs is working. Hit free
     tier quota for public IPs. Still hitting some network problem GCP Cuebot <-> Azure RQDs, scale
     set instance has same config as standalone instance does, and instance works. Doesn't seem to
     be due to the firewall rule. Brian: could try contacting some other service like 8.8.8.8. Greg:
     RQD logs should show error, Cuebot logs should also show an error message. Possible the
     hostname is being rejected at the database level, too long? Might want to try increasing the
     logging level. See Cuebot log4j.properties file to adjust logging level if it's not at debug
     level already. spcue.log may also have more information. Shiva: nothing in spcue.log, though
     you can see log data from it registering instances which CAN connect.
   * Not much progress on operation cache yet.
* Final evals
   * Going to aim to finish Azure integration. Azure has a lot more creation parameters needed when
     creating cloud groups. UI might need to get more complicated. Same for AWS. UI will need to
     dynamically respond to creation parameters of the provider.
   * Blog post walking through the plugin.
   * Single URL required for the eval, let's use the blog post and link to code locations in there.
     Shiva to write the initial draft, Brain can publish on opencue.io and push our to users/dev
     lists.
* Shiva and Greg to set up debugging time for Azure issue. Azure code is in branch in Shiva's fork.
