# Summer of Code Check-in Meeting June 29 2020

Attendees: Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Shiva Kannan

* Shiva: walkthrough of current progress
   * GUI shows list of groups, all info coming from API.
   * Create/delete/resize of groups also working, also through API.
   * Increasing size of the group works well, new hosts pop up in Monitor Hosts after a few minutes.
* Discussion of how to show group status in the GUI. Currently a boolean value which is True when
  group isn't ready and not resizing, False when group is creating/resizing/deleting.
   * Might not be useful to users who only care if a group is ready to receive work or not. In
     case of resizing, status is currently False but group is usable. Need to figure out how to
     handle that case.
   * Can we use additional info from the API to transform state into an enum value which has more
     than two possible values?
* Would be nice to show target size vs current size in mig list. GCP console shows both, is this
  info available via the API?
* Add a column to Monitor Hosts to show group name? Useful to see which group host belongs to, sort
  by group, etc.
   * This would be useful in several other ways, for example when determining which hosts to remove
     when downsizing a group — can use RQD info to determine idle hosts, or hosts which have not
     been working on something very long, in order to minimize loss of work.
   * Could maybe propagate this info through to the RQD environment but that adds complexity.
   * Can we just establish the host-group association on the client side instead? By matching
     hostname/IP maybe?
* Should think about manual selection of hosts to remove when downsizing a group. Currently random.
* Add a more detailed status, i.e. what is the group doing right now?
* Brian to create new branch in main repo we can merge into to for now. Merge to master to come
  later.
