# Summer of Code Check-in Meeting June 22 2020

Attendees: Brian Cipriano, Greg Denton, Shiva Kannan

* Brian: moving soon.
   * OOO July 2-15 except for a day here and there. Generally offline but will keep up with
     email/chat as best as I can.
* First evaluation coming up.
   * Eval period is June 29-July 3, during which Brian will write Shiva's initial evaluation.
   * Current milestone from proposal: finish coding GCP implementation of API
      * Shiva: Decided to adjust this and focus more on proof-of-concept code showing full
        Cloud/Python/GUI flow to prove things out before focusing on full API implementation.
   * Brian: Will write evaluation before I'm OOO for my move. Shiva should consider if there's a
     good milestone to try to hit before that first eval. An in-progress PR to point to would
     be great, even if it's just some starter code.
* Shiva walkthrough of code so far.
   * https://github.com/shiva-kannan/OpenCue/commit/bb59832e28dbed1749bc9acbb7f4c7abefbcf056 
   * Code/GUI changes are looking great!
   * Discussion on existing wrapper classes vs. new cloud classes. Some hacks in the code to deal
     with differences between the two. Agreed that the best way to approach this is to make the
     new cloud classes match the gRPC wrapper classes as much as possible (e.g. use id() method
     to access object ID rather than .id attribute directly).
* Shiva to send name of work branch so Brian can pull code down directly to browse through it in
  more detail.
